When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

    You may want your team members to have access to your repository and maintain commits for each contributor wherever they may be.
    You may also want to work on your files away from your own computer.
    
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You would only want to pull changes when you are ready for them. Pulling changes on a document you are currently working on will likely introduce errors (merge, functionality etc) especially if another contributer is working within your branch and on the same portion of code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

   A fork is a snapshot copy of a repository. Any commits added to your fork will not be added to the original repository. Likewise any changes to the original repository will not be copied across to your fork.

   A clone is also a snapshot copy of a repository. However any commits added to your clone will be added to the original repository by means of git push. Likewise any changes to the original repository will be copied across to your clone following git merge.

   A branch is a developmental path change or deviation. Any commits added to your branch will not be added to the original master branch unless they are specifically merged. Likewise any changes to the original master branch will not be copied across to your new branch unless you choose to merge.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    Having a copy of the last known state of the remote allows you to merge all the commits and resolve any and all conflicts on the master path knowing that all additions from contributors should be present on the latest version.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

    Without github, collaboration would be possible using email, messenger and the good old telephone as well as a local copy of your document (a doc shared on a server woudn't be feasible as saved edits would likely obliterate, or be obliterated by, another contributor's save). Modifications and enhancements would suffer as there would be no easy way to tell if your changes would negatively impact other contributor efforts. Consolidating all contributors efforts into one final version would be a major undertaking even if there were only a small number of streams to merge.
    As for advantages, I can't think of any!

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
